Back to the Future: Marty travels back in time using an eccentric scientist's time machine.
Batman: A masked vigilante from Gotham City, fights against evil to keep its citizens safe. 
Transformers: A group of Autobots protect the earth from the evil Decepticons.
Star Wars: A young farm boy named Luke Skywalker discovers his destiny when he joins forces with the Rebel Alliance to save the galaxy from the Empire's tyranny.
Avatar: A paraplegic marine dispatched to the moon Pandora on a unique mission becomes torn between following his orders and protecting the world he feels is his home.
The Avengers: A group of superheroes team up to stop a villain from taking over the world.
Titanic: A young woman falls in love with a poor man aboard the ill-fated Ship.
Jurassic World: A group of scientists are working on a new theme park. However, when the dinosaurs get loose, they have to put their differences aside to stop them from destroying everything.
The Lion King: A young lion cub named Simba must take his place as the king of the Pride Lands after his father is killed by his uncle.
Furious: A group of street racers team up to take down a powerful crime lord.
Frozen: A young woman named Elsa discovers she has the power to create ice and snow. When her sister is kidnapped, she must use her powers to save her.
Harry Potter: A young wizard attends Magic School of Witchcraft and Wizardry where he makes friends and learns to fight against the evil Lord Voldemort.
Minions: A group of minions are recruited by a super-villain to help him take over the world.
Captain America: A man is frozen in ice and wakes up in the present day. He must fight against the evil Hydra organization.
The Dark Knight: A man dressed as a bat fights crime in Gotham City.
Joker: A man with a disfigured face becomes a criminal mastermind.
Toy Story: A group of toys come to life and have adventures.
Pirates of the Caribbean: A group of pirates sail the seas in search of treasure.
Aladdin: A young man finds a magic lamp and uses its genie to grant him wishes.
Finding Dory: A fish named Dory goes on a journey to find her family.
Alice in Wonderland: A young girl falls down a rabbit hole and has adventures in a strange place.
Zootopia: A young rabbit named Judy Hopps becomes the first bunny on the police force in the city. She teams up with a fox named Nick Wilde to solve a mystery and prove that anyone can be anything they want to be.
The Hobbit: A group of dwarves, a wizard, and a hobbit set out on an adventure to reclaim their lost treasure from a dragon.
Tenet: A secret agent must use time inversion to stop a terrorist organization from starting a world war.
Forrest Gump: A man with a low IQ goes on an eventful journey through life.
Inception: A thief who can enter people's dreams steals information from a powerful businessman.
Interstellar: A group of astronauts travel through a wormhole in space in an attempt to save humanity.
Parasite: A poor family pretends to be rich in order to gain employment by a wealthy family. However, their deception soon leads to dangerous consequences.
Gladiator: A former Roman general is sold into slavery and becomes a gladiator. He fights for his freedom and the love of a woman.
Top gun: A young pilot is sent to a naval aviation school where he learns to fly fighter jets.
Taxi Driver: A man who drives a taxi becomes a vigilante when he witnesses the dark side of the city.
Up: A man who is widowed at a young age lives a life of adventure with a young boy.
Green Book: A black pianist is hired to accompany a white man on a tour of the Deep South.
Finding Nemo: A clownfish is taken from the Great Barrier Reef and placed in a fish tank. His father must travel to Sydney to find him.
Jaws: A great white shark terrorizes the residents of a small town. A group of people set out to kill the shark.
Rocky: A small-time boxer from Philadelphia gets a once-in-a-lifetime chance to fight for the heavyweight championship.
Beauty and the Beast: A young woman is taken prisoner by a beast in his castle. However, she soon learns to love him and breaks the spell that was placed on him.